hello welcome to the channel I am irene
although my friends call me line and today
I'm going to teach you how to make pancakes
americanta of these that are seen in the
movie when they eat breakfast
accompanied by maple syrup and
Medical chocolate a little
teach to do that the truth that they are
very rich
because they are super fluffy they are very
easy to do they become very fast and
they leave a lot of quantity so any
tomorrow I want to surprise her boyfriend
to your friend or a relative the baskets
pancakes and I'm sure you 'll love them
so if you want to learn how to make a
American super shape pancake
simple and that are delicious follow
seeing
Well, for this recipe, we're going to need
3 tablespoons of sugar I prefer it
icing sugar 200 grams of common flour
a pinch of salt 250 milliliters of milk
30 grams of butter or margarine and 4
eggs
ah
The first thing we are going to do is going to be
separate the white from the yolk as you can
see is passing the yolk from one side to another
from the egg shell
and there would not be something like that
in a big bowl we have to sift the
200 grams of common flour sift the
go through the colander
we also have to sift the three
tablespoons of icing sugar
i
you can also use normal sugar
but as I said earlier I
I prefer this
and we put a pinch of salt
the next thing we have to do is
make a hole in the center and throw
four buds
we also have to cast the 250
milliliters of milk
and the 30 grams of butter margarine
melted
the next thing is to mix with some
rods little by little until you get a
smooth and dense mass
now we pass the whites to a container
bigger and we have to beat them with
the rods are about to snow
at the point of snow as you can see in the
video is like meringue
and now we incorporate it into the preparation
above and we beat again with the
rods
what we have to do now is
grease our pan with a brush and
some butter margarine
and take out the mixture that we have
prepared if you want your pancakes
come out fatter and more fluffy
they will throw more quantity of the mixture if
you want them to come out finite they will throw
least we have to be careful that
do not burn us in the pan for that
we will put the fire in the middle down
and we have our pancake
American made we can serve them well
with liquid chocolate with whipped cream
with jam with scrambled egg with
maple syrup with bacon whatever you want
you can see its texture is very spongy
because of the egg whites that we have
knocked down before snow point this what
we use instead of using chemical yeast
so our pancakes are healthier and
They are delicious
Well, the video is over
I hope you liked it and you see what
pint has and the truth that is
terrific really are super fluffy
I love them
if you liked this video please
like it is here and subscribe to
my channel like that when I upload a video
new to you will reach you the optimization
for any questions, comments or
suggestion you can see it below in the
comments
and again tell you that many thanks to
all subscribers and especially to
the new ones that we go in a big family
and I hope you encourage and make the recipe
because really a fence of the plant
thank you very much for watching the video and we
we see in the next
and there is already a soul south to the truth that it is a
snack that is really delicious
I have not seen it anywhere but I
I just started putting the sweets
and the fruits that I like we go to
you can combine it with kiwi and orange
that remains and the truth is that it remains super
rich let me love it
it does not matter if we leave, we choose
We wipe it a little with a stick
water and remove the space of rhythm
two
Finally, being a very make-up
casual very natural let's paint
our lips a pink tone
brown but of course they are few in
the 17
and we are ready now only remains
Strictly go out to the beach